Update Set-MailboxMessageConfiguration.md (#10325)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: exchange/exchange-ps/exchange/Set-MailboxMessageConfiguration.md

### -EchoGroupMessageBackToSubscribedSender
This parameter is available only in the cloud-based service.

> The EchoGroupMessageBackToSubscribedSender parameter controls if Microsoft 365 Groups the user is subscribed to will send a copy of the message that the user sends back to the user. By default messages send to a Microsoft 365 Group do not get sent back to the sender.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The EchoGroupMessageBackToSubscribedSender parameter controls whether Microsoft 365 Groups that the sender is subscribed to will send a copy of the message that is sent back to the sender. By default, messages sent to a Microsoft 365 Group do not get sent back to the sender.
```
